first of all I'm Brad and one of the
co-founders and unstoppable domains we
build domains on block chains so domain
registries which are smart contracts on
block chains domains are in FCS and
talking today about how block chain
domains plus IP FS gets you a
decentralized website so we build domain
registries we have two registries crypto
and zil we also have a registrar like
our version of GoDaddy called I don't
stock all domains comm and we also have
decentralized web tools so things like
we have a demo browser which is a open
source Fork of chromium we have browser
extensions we have a marketplace of ipfs
templates IP invest deploy tools and
libraries for domain resolution so why
do we need to do central as web well the
current DNS system is easily censored it
relies on registrar's which are
mandatory custodians of domain names
like com domain names all traditional
domain names registries can revoke
domains or they can be taken down and
hosting services can take can take
content completely offline not just off
of their platform and so do sometimes
web starts web sites are an alternative
because domains are NF TS no custodian
is required you can store your domain
inside of your wallet so domains you
store inside of an aetherium wallet
watching domain registry is like on
several domains and ENS they can't
revoke your domain and the hosting is on
the central storage networks like ID BFS
instead of on centralized hosting
providers so that's why blockchain
domains plus IP FS equal to centralized
websites so I thought I would just show
everybody the product real quick if
that's alright so this is unstoppable
domains com
you can search for domain this is
basically how you would expect a domain
registrar to work you can check out
you can of course pay in crypto I just
use a coin based commerce widget right
now so these are the these are the
defaults hopefully we can get filed coin
in there too though we've got credit
card
we've got PayPal and once you've bought
a domain you clean the domain to your
wallet and then you can manage and
manage means that you add crypto
addresses to your domain name so that
you can receive money you can receive
Bitcoin litecoin you perceive any
cryptocurrency and a dyke EFS hashes so
the website so what you do is you add an
address you click Save you send a
message with your private key a lot of
people use meta masks that writes that
information to the blockchain and then
an application can look that back up I'm
just going to show you real quick
hopefully this is big enough for
everybody to see but if you type in Brad
crypto into trust wallet then you can
pay you can pay me in theory and Bitcoin
whatever so it all works it also works
inside of these wallets right now plus
many many more coming ok so after I have
added my crypto addresses I can then go
and add my PFS - so a few different
things that you can do here
one is you can just you know build your
website build your application copy and
paste your hash sign a message with your
private key write it to the blockchain
but you can also upload files so this is
actually using pinata in the background
as a bloater so shout out to pinata
cloud i and we also have a template
marketplace for non-technical users and
so this is kind of like our little
centralized Wix here so you've got
little image editor you can add text
whatever this this is really bare-bones
right now you're looking at like
basically profile pages you know
look this is like 1995 Geocities level
of the internet type thing but there's a
blog template it's coming soon there's
ecommerce store templates there's a need
for marketplaces forums a whole bunch of
different stuff and we've got more than
20,000 users who have registered domain
names and they're looking for two pools
so this is open we're looking for people
who want to build like ipfs templating
tools and offer them to our users
whether paid or unpaid depending on what
your what your folks done so that's that
so now if I want to go view a website so
we have a unstoppable Chrome extension
we're also integrating with several
Chrome extensions actually working on
I'd be vest companion right now working
on several others but you can just type
in and by the way can everybody hear me
and see my screen everything good yep
just fine okay great all right so this
is my ether wallet crypto so you've got
a essentially a fully functioning
version of my ether wallet so got hybrid
crypto where you can do an ease dye
exchange these are websites that are
live right now
so we also have a demo browser and the
idea behind the demo browser is that
this is supposed to inspire browsers to
support IP FS and other decentralized
decentralized storage networks so
there's an IP FS note inside of this
browser so when I go to you can go to my
silly little my silly little ipfs
website I can run the note I can turn on
the node and now when I go to the
website record I am storing and sharing
it to the network to so this is like a
method for onion scent advised sharing
of ipfs files and the motive would be I
like this website and so you could
imagine cases in the future where
somebody really wants to put something
out and its popular but being censored
and then you could just have a whole
bunch of people who care about this news
story getting out or whatever and they
can all be storing and sharing it all
you would need is to add you know one
click so this is a open source the UI is
terrible so if anybody wants to fork it
commercialize it play with it do
whatever you want please please do yes
so ways to view websites there's the
demo browser there's extensions opera
for Android is live right now so there's
80 million monthly unique users who can
type in a doctor domain type in a deep
domain they can view websites that are
on ipfs so it works right now hopefully
coming soon IP best companion and then
we've got many many more browser
relationships that were working on right
now and I would say just that just in
general and I think that the
decentralized web community has turned
up the heat and browsers are paying
attention in 2020 I think I see on
nodding there this is not not true I
would say in 2019 because I was trying
to talk to them then as well as much
and I think it was definitely not true
in 2018 so I think things are actually
or actually heating up so there's a
bunch of stuff going on with Mozilla
right now as well with some projects
they're looking at so we're just we're
seeing a lot of a lot of action coming
from a lot of different places so our
stats we've had more than 200,000
domains registered so far there's more
than 4,000 ipfs websites that are
launched yes honestly most of those are
people trying to resell their domains
right now but there's about there's
about 2,000 that are not that that are
people doing other things as well and
all of this has happened essentially the
past two months since the website tool
started going live and since the
template tool started going live so
people are using and digging in
non-technical users are digging in when
when the tools are easy enough see I'm
more than 12,000 unique etherium
addresses with domains and these users
are looking for tools to build ipfs
websites more easily so we've got
traffic coming to our site we've got
these users that are looking for stuff
to play with so we would love to chat
with anybody that thinks that their tool
might be interesting to people who are
trying to launch websites here are some
companies that are building stuff with
us right now it's some missing pieces
that we have identified which I'm sure
are on top of mind for a lot of folks
here
well do you centralized database stuff
so we're looking very closely at what
textile orbit and and gun DB are working
on in order to solve some of these
problems and we also have this this paid
hosting problem so one of the themes
that we've seen from customers so far or
has been people who are formerly relying
on YouTube for their business and they
have living especially crypto content
has been getting censored on YouTube and
so they're looking at the decentralized
web they kind of think it's not quite
ready but they're looking and you know
they'd be doing video video hosting so
you know incentive ization to make sure
that that content works and it works
fast is super important so we're
really excited about file coin and we
think there's potentially a lot of
demand here especially if we can start
getting getting video up because that's
the stuff that's expensive so if you
want to if you want to consume a lot of
fun I think video customers are a good
place to look so that's one of the
reasons why we've been talking to a lot
of crypto youtubers we actually have a
need for a template that would allow
them to easily launch their videos and
maybe charge for them or launch their
videos and do like a monthly
subscription so that's an opportunity if
anyone's interested so yeah please
PLEASE bill with us so I mentioned the
templates there's also some dev and
deploy tools you know we're looking at
some stuff that the fleek is doing the
textile doing that a whole bunch of
other folks are doing so there's a lot
of there's a lot of cool deploy tools
that are coming out right now we would
love to point that stuff you know the
best stuff to our users to our technical
users who are you know who are looking
for that domain resolution and any of
your applications while it's browser
zaps I'd love to talk about that also
the browser there's a link to our github
it's open source please fork please do
whatever and if you have an app with
users and you might want to sell domains
talk to us as well okay that's um that's
it yeah let me stop here and open up for
questions and say I haven't really been
watching the chat awesome thank you so
much bad looks like you're getting a
question from Thomas on intent device
sharing as it relates to crypto crypto
domains yeah so the an incentive i
sharing was a reference to the feature
in the browser where you turn on the IP
FS node and the reason why you do it is
because you know maybe the reason why
you do it is because you can't you know
view the website unless you agree to do
that that could be like one way that
but you could implement it but the way
that we defaulted to in our browser is
you go to a website you just have the
option the button is there and you can
just click store and share the website
and the idea is that the reason you
would do that is because you care about
what the websites saying so that that's
all that's all I really meant but I
think there's there's probably room in
the market for both ideas that you know
you have you know you're incentivize
sharing for your uptime and stuff like
that but you could also imagine some
sort of viral content or whatever that
didn't even need the incentive because
people were just like you know this is
great or maybe more realistically this
is offensive or something else like that
we may I guess we don't really know what
the what the what's going to be the
viral moment for yeah for decentralized
storage stuff um
and yes I'll share the deck I'm not sure
where to do that but I'll I'll do that
second in the chat or tweeted at us or
whatever okay cool question from Juan
are there things you need help with from
pinning services in terms of storage
backup opportunities to help drive
product success for you yeah so pinning
services yes
well I think that for us probably the
biggest thing is going to be like
trustless subscriptions for hosting
stuff you know so somebody wanting to
reliably buy like one year above time so
all the stuff to make that happen you
know in you know this is essentially
like filing plus subscriptions stuff so
that's like a really big area I know
we've chatted with the textile folks and
it sounds like they're working on some
parts of that that's not something that
we've been working on directly so we're
definitely looking for help there so
that's really that's a really big area I
would say the other really big area is
the templates so I know this is not
necessarily the place that everyone's
mind goes first how do I get
non-technical users to launch websites
I would say that one of the things that
one of the impressions I get when I talk
to a lot of tooling companies is that
their customer theoretical customer many
of their theoretical customers are other
tooling companies who are also equally
competent and therefore don't require
quite so many tooling companies yet
because right now
the pool of developers is much more than
thine but like everyone knows what's
going on and so I think the the
Forgotten opportunity here a little bit
is these non-technical users who can
crank out four thousand websites in six
weeks and with just you know very very
simple like our templates you terrible
like we're gonna we hope that they're
all try they're all most of them are in
the trash in a few months or at least
modified to be you know it's definitely
not anywhere near as good as what you
would get going through a GoDaddy
experience or something like that and
there's all kinds of cool stuff that you
could do here like so we've got you know
there's like the marketplaces stuff like
someone what kind of like the origin
team has been working on so that's you
know a category blog with like a paywall
is super obvious we're working on
versions of that but we would embrace
other people you know launching those as
well and again you can what happens on
our site is you buy a domain and then
you go what's next I know I'm supposed
to do something with ipfs what's next
and there's a large number of domains
being being bought to some extent by
people thinking that you know this is
going to be you know a future you know
important registry but there's a lot of
people who are saying like I was around
for the 1990s 2000s phase I'm trying to
figure out what parking tools look like
here I'm trying to figure out how to I'm
trying to figure out how to be first and
I would launch 100 if I had the right
type of things you know so we're seeing
a lot of that stuff it's a long answer
but I think the templates are the place
where you would get the most kind of
immediate immediate jolt from the dev
tools maybe less so
here yeah I definitely I tried the
experience of like forestry to flake to
decentralize name and it works
surprisingly well so you just grabbed
one of like the Hugo default templates
off of forestry I think there's a number
of those like static site templates it
would be really cool to just like like
literally glue those things together
where you can like one click like it
spins it up it puts it in your github
repo it connects it to fleek so that it
put up on IP FS and then it updates your
your domain name like those little bits
of like glue tooling that make it super
seamless for everyone to get started I
think we're pretty amazing and would
love to feel like you guys are already
headed straight in that direction with
like templates built into the domain
name registry and and all those things
there so maybe forestry is the next
partner there yeah we definitely
definitely - need to look closer in
forestry and I think that just to jump
on that because I think you're you're
totally right that's the goal it
requires a lot more stuff to be
connected in together and so we're
really focused on that right now so we'd
love to probably work with everybody
honestly in some way and I also think
that there's like a motivation whatever
there's maybe to challenge the
decentralized web community dphi already
has this and it's awesome like the
interconnectedness across all the gaps
with the web 3 experiences being
consistent across all these apps is
amazing and it's way further ahead than
where the decentralized web is right now
in terms of UX so I kind of see that as
like a I did a little bit of inspiration
that like it doesn't it does it's
starting to work and I think we should
be more like that all of our stuff
should very easily stick together and be
able to go in these like packages across
all of these apps and that should that
should be the vision so it's basically
like we just need to like pack up dozens
of different tools all together and then
make it really easy for everyone to
access it so yeah modularity and
composability
I love it that was super cool I only was
recently digging into all of the all the
dphi tools that have put their front end
up
on ipfs a lot of which are using
unstoppable domains which is super cool
and so it was really cool to dive deeper
into that space it's like oh wow this is
super critical for truly having a
decentralized application with a smart
contract back-end yeah one that just
came up I think it was actually earlier
today they fund they got it up which was
Vulcan feedstock crypto I should have
put it in the thing which is a chain
link feed and so it if you think about
if you think about a long term relying
on some sort of decentralized oracle
system you're then also we're gonna need
to make sure that there's no reliance on
this web infrastructure that can just be
taken down otherwise you're still gonna
wind up with your data feed turned off
at some point so it's the DAPs that it's
the most obvious for I guess you know
what if you ask like who's the
decentralized web customer that
absolutely needs to meet today I think
it's the dabs probably first because
they're also on board to the tooling and
then probably next would be like the
like the political distance like the
like HK map live like the that sort of
stuff for Hong Kong and things like that
any other questions for Brad yes yes
there are more question great write them
down
while the anticipation from wrong would
you put bounties on templates I yeah
yeah we we have a bounty up I hope it's
still up we had a thousand dollar bounty
out previously but yeah we absolutely do
so yeah I see one going so yeah we'll
we'll definitely publish some numbers
and we'll also I think make them bigger
that's a good idea
awesome I want to play roblox okay sorry
sorry I just I just noticed one another
one from haunt about about tooling that
would make our lives easier or maybe I
even addressed it partially but I just
realized there's also this other thing
which is it would be good to have good
user flows for for you know like deploy
stuff and I know there's a lot I'll do
that and there's a lot of people that
are working on great stuff and part of
the problem then is then like who do you
point to like where you know how do you
just point to something simple that
allows a developer to figure it out so
that's a that's a problem and we don't
really unlike the templates we don't the
UI of that like how do you get into a
developers may be a little is clear so
question on topic so given moderation
being being a problem how do you see the
moderation question evolving and in the
Kryptonite so you have like I imagine
fairly quickly you people start was once
these these domains like really really
work that you were saying various groups
that have reasons to worry about
censorship we're gonna start using all
of these things
how does he moderation evolving through
these things or is it just kind of like
a lot less or do you imagine like the
there will be some some way of societies
moderating how names point point to a
common yeah totally so we have a
philosophical view that the base layer
should not have any censorship or
filtering or anything of any kind that
basically the technology should not
decide what's okay and what's not
because ultimately you'll then need to
rely on some person or some group of
people or some company or whatever to do
that filtering and then it will just be
abused just like the regular system is
so it's basically like the only way to
have a secure system is to have tools
that take no opinion at the base layer
but then you have the result of both the
world we live in will be browsers so
like browsers are a point that may need
to make decisions about say like don't
wanna know
like I don't want to not show things
that are so just so people understand
like the record can be on the blockchain
so I've got my name I've got my IVFs
fashioned on the blockchain the main
name can't be taken away from me nobody
can update my record other than me but a
browser can simply ignore decide not to
read that record so what the effect will
be in the real world is that you could
have 99.99% of browsers or other places
that you're allowing you to view
websites saying this is not okay and
then you might need to view some open
source or extremists or whatever tool in
order to get access and it could still
be illegal just by virtue of access and
it could still be a crime in the place
that you live so that can that'll still
wind up being for the things that are
ant super antisocial that'll still wind
up being in the dark depths of the
internet just like it is today also not
completely stopped but I think that the
benefit that you get in this new
paradigm is that you'll have multiple
versions of what's okay to say a free
speech right now you have one version on
the regular web that's essentially
whatever is adjudicated by governments
and whoever pressuring the registries
and the registrar's and and web hosting
companies versus a future where you
could have like a on chain filtered list
of or you know block list of bad domains
and applications can read that list and
they can share and they can decide okay
well you know I'm going to out so I'm
gonna prove I'm gonna use this smart
contract which hopefully is you know
being adjudicated by an ACLU or
something like that and I'm gonna say
like they're gonna different determine
free speech and I'm gonna rely on them
and then if I decide that they're no
longer ethical I can switch to another
one
or I can provide filters in my browser
for my users where they can accept
left-wing version of where free speech
line is versus right-wing version versus
maybe even no line whatsoever or you
choose the line and you could have
dozens of different versions of of the
internet that we all
chaotically move between if we want to I
think it it's not that dissimilar from
how the current internet works are how
the current behavior of the internet
works already the difference is is that
all the power is sitting in the
individual users now and you can't have
you know companies allowing movie
producers to go and just take people off
like right now you have all kinds of
weird ways that people manipulate the
current system so I'm not super worried
about it because I think that it's a
better world that way I think that we'll
get to I think we'll have like really
good adjudicators of free speech because
that'll be a business opportunity like
somebody actually we actually need this
service provider to come in and be like
new blockchain focused ACLU and analyze
and determine where the line for free
speech is and then the Facebook's and
the youtubes and all these other
companies don't have to they can just
hit an endpoint and get their you know
answer on where the line for free
speeches and they don't have to be the
moral arbiters anymore and that's better
world